The CodeSize addin for RadASM allows you to examine, inside the IDE,
the size of each assembled line of source code. The size is displayed,
in bytes, next to each line of source.

The addin works only with FASM & MASM projects.
http://flatassembler.net/
http://www.masm32.com/

Installation:
- Copy CodeSize.dll to RadASM's "Addins" directory.
- Copy CodeSize.txt to RadASM's "Addins/Help" directory.
- In RadASM open the addin manager by choosing Option->Addin Manager from
the main menu. Select the CodeSize addin, in the listbox, and click the 
"Install" and then "Apply" buttons. 

Usage:
Simply Choose Tools->Get Code Size from the main menu. The size of each
line will be displayed next to it. To see the size of a procedure or of a
certain portion of code, collapse the block and the combined size will be
displayed next to the line into which the other lines are collapsed.
Before choosing Tools->Get Code Size make sure the project builds
successfully and that the resource file, if any, is compiled.

Known issues:
- Because of the way the addin works certain jumps may not be optimized, so
some short jumps will be displayed as having the size of long jumps.
- The size displayed next to a "include" directive cannot be trusted. It
will
generally be bigger then it should be. If you wish to see what a
certain file will take up in the assembled output, collapse the entire file
in one line, inside the IDE.
+MASM specific:
- The size displayed for the first instruction in a procedure will be the 
size of the instruction plus the size of the overhead associated with  
entering the procedure, if any ( setting up a stack frame, saving registers ).
- The size of data in a '.data?' segment block will be displayed  as being 0.

Notes:
- If you get a "An unexpected error occurred" message, check all files in
your project directory to prevent data loss.
+FASM specific:
- The size of code and data can be zero if they will not be included in the
output file. A procedure ( and it's instructions ) that is not used in the
project will be displayed as having no size.
- If the project assembles successfully inside RadASM, but when choosing
Tools -> Get code size you get the "Cannot assemble" message, then make
sure that the paths are set up correctly. Open the fasm.ini file in the
RadASM directory and make sure that the "$B" entry in the "Paths" group
points to fasm.exe.

Changelog:

o Version 1.0.0    11-Mar-2007 
       First release

o Version 1.1.0    15-Mar-2007 
       - Feature: Added support for MASM projects.

o Version 1.1.1    27-Mar-2007 
       - Bugfix: Fixed serious win9x compatibility issues. One bug caused
             project files to be deleted when running under windows 9x.


If you experience any problems please contact me.


Disclaimer:
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Redistribution:
Redistribution is permitted only with the author's consent.

Version 1.1.1

Copyright © Alex B. 2007        Alex.B.Dv@Gmail.com